---
title: "Reading 12 Books in 2026"
date: 2026-02-02
categories:
  - personal-life
tags:
  - Life
  - Studies
---
## Reading 12 Books in 2026

If you knew me 6 years ago, you would call me a bookworm. Today, I struggle to read a document from my work. Social media really gave my attention spam a nice treatment.

So, as for New Year's resolutions go, I decided to make myself read 12 books. The good side is that I have bought so many books in the past year that selecting said books was very easy.

The hard part: actually reading them :)

I don't plan to read 1 book per month; it's more like finishing one and starting another. No page limits, no deadlines, just read 12 books. I decided to begin by continuing to read _The Wealth of Nations,_ but that was too boring, so I kinda put it at the end of the list.

But on the same topic, I actually finished the _Communist Manifesto_, which, independent of your world views, still has a lot of influence on today's world perspective.

Aside from the communist revolution that the book ends with, it 
demonstrates how things are somewhat getting worse than when the book was written. A nice passage that goes: 

>"[..] the cost of a worker's is strict, almost completely, to the means of subsistence that are required to their maintenance and the spread of their species [..]." 

Which is kinda what we do as a working class. We see how some people at the top have control over all of our lives, but can't actually do anything, since we are too busy making ends meet and at the end of every month.

Maybe I should have started with a little reading, but my list also includes Das Kapital, so I'm in for the long ride. The intention of this post is not to be a literature review; the idea here is just to set an intent, and as I progress in this journey, make sure that I'm actually absorbing something instead of just mindless reading.

But I still think more people should read the manifesto. If you have a Liberal view on economics, read to know the other side. If you think we should end the billionaires, read on to better understand why this is a great idea. 

At the end of the day, Communism is more like a philosophy rather than a violent movement (I mean, look around you). Either way, that is the start of my list. Right now, I'm reading _Cosmos_ by Carl Sagan; hopefully, it will be more fun in the long run.

Todaloo o/